Remove the faculty section. Here is some general information to add to the website. replace existing / conflicting content with this and add new sections where necessary 




Contact: sheikh Abdul Qadir Jama - 0411 510 201
Location: shop48 the mall Heidelberg west 3081
Class timings are 
Tuesday and Thursdays 5pm-7pm
Saturday 10am-12pm

Programs are: 
Quran studies (all ages do this grouped by grade)

Foundational Islamic studies grade 3-4
Shafii fiqh grade 5-6
Duas -grade 1-2

The schedule / timetable / curriculum is:
Quran reading and writing for the first hour. (Where students have to prepare their new lesson each class)
Then the seperate programs start after that until the end of the class.


The required documents section in enrolment page is not neeeded. But I like the structure and how it looks there, so maybe add this instead. And also replace the pricing with this if it had appeared anywhere else. 

FEES STRUCTURE PER SCHOOL TERM– DUE BY WEEK 7
1 child: $180
2 Children: $330
3 Children: $450
4 Children: $505
5 Children : $555

IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR PARENTS
PARENT RESPONSIBILITIES:
 Drop students off on time 5:30pm on weekdays and 10am on
Saturdays.
 Pick up students on time. Drive carefully.
 Ensure student is in clean, neat and correct uniform and clean socks.
 Student’s Record Book is checked and signed daily.
 Student has eaten before coming to Madrassah.
 Student went to toilet before Madrassah.
 Student made wudhu before coming to Madrassah
 Homework was completed the night before.
 Attend Parent Teacher Interviews.
 Submit Akhlaaq Project in Term 1 and Term 3.
 Prepare students for examination in Term 2 and Term 4.
 Send a water bottle in Term 1 and Term 4.
 Provide a safe Islamic Environment for students.
 Contact admin if parent will be collecting student early.
 Contact admin if student will be absent for an extended period.
 Toilet, vomiting or bleeding accidents to be cleaned by parents.


UNIFORM POLICY(this should have supporting images) 
Students are expected to wear the set uniform at all times.

GIRLS
WHITE/
BLACK
JILBAAB
BLACK ABAYA


BOYS
WHITE THOBE/
WHITE
SUNNAH CAP